fennekin's that the funeral director you
have selected may be bad here we go
number 10 he's wearing a paper trainee
hat number 9 Hawaiian Punch used for
embalming fluid number eight first has
Domino's logo inside on way to cemetery
they drop off a couple of pizzas number
seven tells you I can't help this man
he's dead number six asks if you want
cremation to be original or crispy
number five
number five offers al sharpton special
where body is dressed up in jogging suit
in medallion number four gives you
business card for his second hand
eyeglass and denture shop number three
he tells bereaved I'm pretty sure your
uncle's in hell by now
Oh guy number two two days after the
funeral you see the deceased alive again
doing yard work for the funeral director
and the number one way to tell you've
gone to a bad funeral director replaces
ashes of loved one with Bulger's crystal
okay let's bring out our next guest
here's a funny guy talented man yeah
lucky to have him with us our next guest
has a strange and funny way of looking
at the world on July 6th this man will
be performing at the Oakdale musical
theater in Wallingford Connecticut
ladies and gentlemen please welcome back
to the program Steven Wright
Thanks
got food poisoning today I don't know
what I'm gonna use it every morning got
me make instant coffee and I drink it
solve enough energy to make the regular
coffee it's walking down the street pass
the telephone poles a poster stapled to
it said to reward lost $50 I found just
keep it I think I need to clean up my
bathroom I think it's all the true dirty
I think it should be cleaned up had some
friends over there gas station
attendants they wouldn't use it when I
was little my mother's always feeding me
pancakes with maple syrup then she
switched to truth serum
I've eaten the pancake saying I'm the
one who broke the window I caught on to
this I realized every time I ate
pancakes a few hours later I got the
hell beat out of me
then one day she said Steven you want
some pancakes I said no I don't like
pancakes she said I want some waffles
I said yeah I'll have some more few
hours later I got the hell beat out of
me so I was in bed with my girlfriend
reading the second-hand diary then I
bought the only put a stick in the water
it looks like it's bent but it really
isn't that's why I don't take baths so
I'm laying there and she said let me ask
you this and I said what and she said if
you could know how and when you were
gonna die would you want to know I said
no she said forget it then
figured I'd got them go for a walk she
said I'm gonna be gone I said the whole
time whenever it rains out I'd go around
put wet paint signs on everything next
day I'm the only one sitting on benches
I took a lie-detector test
no I didn't I'm a peripheral visionary
I can see into the future but just way
off to the side
imagine if you could see you knew just
be talking to someone yeah magic birds
were tickled by feathers see it bird fly
by laughing hysterically had a dream
there was a 7-foot woman in my room
jumping around singing dancing jumping
around singing and dancing I said who
are you she said Paula Abdul Jabar took
the mattress off my bed brought it to
Macy's is gonna buy a fitted sheet
got the mattress in the dressing room
with me taking Lamaze classes no one's
having a baby I'm just having trouble
breathing
my grandfather was on the first
submarine ever rather than a periscope
they had a kaleidoscope my god what's
around
my grandmother was and is totally and
completely insane
she's the we have pierced hearing aids
unscented perfume gave it a little empty
bottle one time she said Stephen come on
we're here I see what do you mean she
said you know you're over there now come
over here she said here's five dolls and
don't tell your mother I'm giving this
to you I said it'll cost you more than
that
I bought this thing for my car I put on
your chart sends this noise out so when
you drive through the woods deer won't
run in front of your car I installed it
backwards by accident got it on the
street when I heard a deer chasing me